So the next part of the canvas we have here is the customer journey portion.
Now I've taken this template off of plug in that I showed you earlier, which is the product planner
program.
And essentially what we're going to do here is we're going to map a user journey and you may be asking
why or how.
Now what we're going to do is we're going to use all of the resources that we had from before.
So project goals.
We have target users.
And we're going to do is we're going to take our main target user.
So what I like to do is I'll just take our last minute shopper.
To that.
We have a last minute shopper.
So just to explain this section a little bit more in detail.
Now to start this section, the most important end user is identified and their primary goal.
So, you know, like I said before, when people come together, they're going to mark which goals are
the primary goals?
There could be more than one goal in this sense.
What I want is maybe this is our primary goal, a more personal shopping experience.
So we have our primary goal.
We have our key primary user.
Now what we want to do is from the perspective of the most critical end users primary goal.
We're going to start the user journey mapping session and continue with the next most important goal
from any end user group.
So you can do this more than once.
You can do this only once.
Typically, we only have time to do this a couple of times before we have to actually move on because
it is pretty time intensive when you have everyone in the room working on something like this.
But the sense a good basis of what the user journey could look like.
Now this is usually done in a collaborative session where the client project team and any subject matter
experts are participating in the session.
You know, given the target user and the goal of the groups lists all the tasks that the user will have
to do to make this goal a reality.
Now the goals are listed one task per post, and upon completion the group puts them in chronological
order on a whiteboard.
So.
Let's dive deep into what a user journey is.
So on the most basic level, a user journey is from beginning to end the steps a user needs to take
to complete the goal.
Now, there are different ways we can actually come to create a user journey, and the most basic way
I found is literally get a whiteboard.
Yet you're stickies and just start throwing them up there.
Okay.
So I'm actually going to get some blue stickies here.
Perfect.
So we're going to grab our stickies and we're going to start from the beginning.
Before we begin, we're all set up here.
Now, like I said, that is the easiest way to actually create a customer journey.
Now we can come back and we can actually write little things in here.
We can actually fill this out.
We can think about is the customer experience positive or negative?
Are there needs, are certain interactions, are there improvement opportunities?
These are the ways that we can really note areas within that process where we can make that experience
much more delightful for users.
So this is like a more traditional customer journey map, but I like to rock with something like this
where we're literally just listing tasks to get a good understanding of all the different types of features
we may need, all the different types of tasks that really need to happen for this user to actually
complete the school.
Now, usually unclear or controversial tasks are going to be reassessed, and if the consensus isn't
reached after a short discussion, we will assign certain features, kind of like a backlog or an area
where we need to kind of reassess them later.
So let's get started.
Now let's think about all the different tasks that we need to complete this goal.
A more personal shopping experience.
A user needs to register for app.
I mean, it can even go beyond the application.
It could be like, how does the user even know about the application?
Let's do this.
One user enters their key information.
So that's another one.
User is directed to main home screen.
You can see all the products that pertain to them.
User finds.
A product that.
They like.
User makes purchase.
So as you notice, this is very vague.
And I mean, there's only six steps.
And the reason is I'm kind of oversimplifying things.
There are probably steps in between, like I mentioned, what happens before user registers for the
app, like how do we market to people, receives email for promo code, like how do we hook people in
enters the key information like this is where we may start breaking it down a little bit and think of
what is the different types of key information that we really need to find here.
So that could be something like they're like we maybe need to know their personal details.
I don't know if that's relevant, but that's something we can talk about as a group.
That's why we really need all these people in the same room.
Another example could be like interests.
Interests.
Products they like.
Maybe we use products they like as a way.
To understand a bit more about the user.
What else is there?
User is directed to the main home screen, so that's fine.
And so maybe they can see products that pertain to them.
That's pretty vague.
So an example could be something like interest picker.
I remember we designed that.
An interest picker.
Maybe there are deals on products they like.
I mean, you can start seeing how we start to build this out a bit more and think about this much more
deeply.
We really want to figure out how we can get them from registering to that personal experience.
And ultimately, that personal experience should lead to some sort of conversion, like making a purchase
or maybe, you know.
Save product.
So or maybe adding a product to a wish list if they are waiting for a sale or something like that.
So we start to really define a bunch of features just by creating the user journey.
And that's why I love using the user journey as a way to do that.
Now the next step is to find a similar alternative.
And those details about a task that are listed in the same column as they all represent, like a same
task or a step.
So as you can tell, like I've broken this down, they all kind of resemble something here that is very
similar.
This is like seeing products that are relevant to them, so deals on products they like, interest pickers,
etc. Or if we think about this a little bit more deeply, we can name this column to like onboarding.
Like that is the actual name of the activity.
So.
We can do that as well.
If we want to break this down further and I'm going to show you how we're going to use this.
So what we've done here is we added a clear task at the top.
One larger test like this will basically have multiple little activities, and then from there even
smaller activities that can arise.
Typically, usually, like I said, is like linear.
It's from left to right of a user trying to complete a goal.
But this is kind of a different take on that.
This is more like a story map and I'm going to get into start mapping soon.
But generally what we're doing here is we're creating the journey, but we're also thinking about the
key type of details that it takes to get there.
If we think about if we need to get ready for university or something like that in the morning, it's
not just I need to get ready for university.
I mean, I need to wake up, I need to turn off my alarm, I need to take a shower, I need to eat breakfast.
And even within those smaller tasks, there are different things that we can break out from there.
An example being like, I need to pour my cereal, I need to get a spoon, I need to get a bowl.
So there are different types of little requirements that we often forget if we just gloss over it and
just think about the larger tasks at hand.
Now the end result probably will look something like this.
You know, it could look like this without those larger tasks at the top.
I'd like to start kind of putting them up there, starting to think about this in a larger way.
Generally, you know, I kind of do this once because as you can see, just from taking this primary
goal from this primary user, we start to think about all these different requirements that are coming
through with our application here.
So if I think about registering for an app, I need to think about email.
The user needs to enter their email.
Maybe it's not an email.
Maybe it's just a phone number.
I don't know.
We need their name.
When I think about the home screen, I think about navigation.
I think about like navigation options.
I mean, I'm just throwing a bunch of stuff out there, but you can start seeing how we can break this
down to different types of journeys or different things that we haven't thought about doing.
Multiple journeys could really help break this out even further.